# Yes ClojureScripters, There Is a Microsoft

Code (and stuff) for a talk given to the Clojure Houston User Group.

In this talk, I summarized my experience, both professionally and on my own time, integrating ClojureScript into an ASP.NET MVC4 web application.

This repository contains five branches. Three branches, vsclojure, cljsbuild and figwheel all diverge from a common commit in master to allow for an easier comparison of the three different approaches.

## Master

The master branch contains the presentation that I gave and the starting point for all my efforts.

## Generated

This branch simply identifies the code generated by Visual Studo when creating an ASP.NET MVC application.

## vsclojure

This branch contains the work I performed using the vsClojure plugin. Eventually, I abandoned this branch because of the need to manually include parts of the Google Closure library.

## cljsbuild

This branch contains the development I performed using the leiningen cljsbuild plugin. Because I encountered an issue in which I could not (in the time I had) investigate the details of the behavior of my application within the browser, I abandoned this approach.

## figwheel

This branch contains the developement that I performed using the leiningen figwheel plugin. This plugin allowed me to work through the issue I encountered on the cljsbuild branch and successfully integrate a ClojureScript file with a generated web page.

## Usage

FIXME

## License

Copyright © 2015 FIXME

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License either version 1.0 or (at
your option) any later version.
